Tell me about something you really care about?
What are your main goals in life?
How would you describe yourself in a few words?
What is one random memory you have from your childhood?
What are 3 places that you would like to go to for a vacation?
Describe any accident that you have seen or heard about?
When year were you most happy and why?
What scares you the most and why?
What do you do in your free time?
Do you like rainy days or snowy winter days more, and why?
Name 3 things in nature you find most beautiful?
Which is your favorite four legged creature and why?
What is favorite career and why?
Which is the hardest thing you ever had to do?
What is your biggest regret?
What is a random fact about someone in your family?
What is the worst punishment you had when you were a child?
What is a product that you really admire?
What is your favorite movie, and why?
Which country would you like to visit most and why?
Name your 5 favorite foods?
What is your favorite city, and why?
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go?
What do you think would be the hardest thing for you to give up on?
If you could wish for anything that would come true, what would you wish?
If you were prime minister/ruler of the world what laws would you make?
If you were a super hero what powers would you have?
What would your hero name be?
What has been your craziest dream?
What would you do if you won the lottery?
What would your dream house be like?
Which form of public transport do you prefer, and why?
What talents do you have?
What has been your favorite holiday, and why?
Where would your dream holiday be?
What is your favorite zoo animal, and why?
What is your favorite sport, and why?
What is your favorite food, and why?
What is your favorite film, and why?
What is your favorite song, and why?
What is your favorite thing to drink, and why?
What is your favorite TV show, and why?
What is your favorite musical artist, and why?
What qualities would you your ideal partner have?
If you could go back in time to change one thing what would it be?
Have you ever been admitted to hospital? If so, why?
Have you ever been on TV? If so, why?
Have you ever met any celebrities? If so, who and why?
Have you ever done something heroic? If so, what?
Have you ever played a practical joke on anyone? If so, what?
Have you ever been the recipient of a practical joke. If so, what?
Do you prefer baths or showers, and why?
Have you ever built a snowman?
If you could live anywhere, where would that be?
Have you ever been famous? If so, what?
Would you rather be rich and sad, or poor and happy?
What is your most essential appliance?
What is your favorite thing to have for breakfast?
What is your favorite thing to have for dinner?
Have you ever been in a newspaper. If so, why?
How long can you balance on one foot with your eyes closed? (Try it!)
What is your favorite condiment, and why?
What is your favorite word, and why?
What is your least favorite word, and why?
What sport teams do you support (if any), and why?
What is the longest you've gone without sleep, and why?
What is the tallest building you've ever been up?
What is your favorite city that you've visited, and why?
Do you have any scars. If so, why?
What is the first job that you wanted to have when you were younger?
If you could change anything about yourself what would it be?
If you could ask your future self one question what would it be?
What is the most unusual conversation you've ever had?
What is your favorite joke?
What is been your best present?
What is been your worst present?
Can you build a house of cards? (Try it!)
What is your favorite TV commercial?
What is your favorite thing to cook?
What would be your dream sandwich?
What is your favorite accent?
What is your favorite saying?
Who do you look up to the most, and why?
What has been your favorite Halloween costume that you've worn?
What is your most expensive piece of clothing, and where is it from?
What is your favorite piece of clothing, and where is it from?
What is the last thing you took a picture of?
What is the coolest thing you took a picture of?
What has been your favorite birthday?
Can you roll your tongue? (Try it!)
What is your favorite book, and why?
What is your favorite song to dance to, and why?
Have you ever accidentally injured anyone. If so, how?
If you could learn any language fluently what would it be?
What historical figure would you love to see in 21st century life?
What is your favorite thing to do in your free time?
What is your favorite type of foreign food?
Which foreign country do you like the most, and why?
What is your favorite animated or cartoon program?
Jelly or Ice Cream, and why?
What is your favorite type of pie?
What is your most used phrase?
What is your most used word?
Who would you want to play you in a movie of your life?
What would your dream job be?
Which song do you hate the most, and why?
What do you think the greatest invention has been?
If you could go back in time and claim one invention, what would it be?
Do you have any lucky items, objects or traditions. If so, what?
Do you have any superstitions. If so, what?
What is your favorite movie quote?
What animal would you most like to have as a pet?
If you could befriend one animal, what would it be and why?
If you were given $1 million, what would you do with it?
If you could go on an unlimited shopping spree in one store, what would the store be and why?
If you could steal one thing without consequence what would it be?
If you were invisible for a day, what would you do?
If evil-doers invaded your country would you rush to the battlelines to defend the motherland or hide in a box?
Do you believe in Aliens. If so, why?
If you could be a main character in one TV show/movie, who would you be and why?
If you could be a main character in one book, who would you be and why?
Can you touch your tongue to your nose? (Try it!)
Have you ever invented a fairly unique meal or drink? If so, what?
What has been your favorite accomplishment?
What is the cleverest word you know?
Invent a word that doesn't exit and a definition for it:
Who's your favorite Superhero, and why?
Who's your favorite Villain, and why?
If you could tell a crowd of people one thing, what would you tell them?
What is your favorite fruit, and why?
If a tree falls in the forest and there's no one around to hear it does it make a noise?
What came first, the chicken or the egg, and why?
If you could have one thing named after you, what would it be?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
What is your favorite sport, and why?
Do you have any unusual fears or phobias? If so, what?
Do you live by any motto or philosophy? If so, what?
What is the most unusual name you've ever come across?
What is your favorite comic, and why?
What was your favorite class in school, and why?
What was your least favorite class in school, and why?
What is the most embarrassing question that you've ever asked?
What is the most unusual thing you've ever eaten?
Who's your favorite movie action hero?
Do you collect anything? If so, what and why?
Is there anything you wished would come back into fashion?
If you could have any feature from an animal what would you want?
What makes you nervous, and why?
What are you most scared of, and why?
What is your favorite sense, and why?
What is your favorite board game, and why?
If you had to play a board game for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?
If you had to listen to a song for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?
If you had to eat the same food for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?
If you were stranded on an island but got to bring one thing, what would it be?
What is the furthest you've ever got a paper airplane to fly? (Try it!)
If you had a year off, what would you want to do?
If someone gave you $20 to spend, what would you spend it on?
What is your favorite story to tell people?
Summarize your life story.
Are you allergic to anything? If so, what and what happens?
Tea, coffee, or cocoa? Why?
What do you do to keep fit?
Have you ever heard any outstanding rumors about yourself? If so, what?
If you were comfortably rich would you work hard for more?
What is the most embarrassing moment you've ever had?
If you were ruler of your own country what would you call it and what title would you give yourself?
If you invented a monster what would you call it and what features would it have?
Who was your favorite teacher at school and why?
Who was your least favorite teacher at school and why?
What is your favorite game to play with friends?
If you were captain of a ship, what would you call it and where would you go?
If you were exiled what country would you choose as your new home?
If you could have a full scholarship to any university, where would you go and what would you choose to study?
What is been your greatest day ever, and why?
What historical period would you like to live in if you could go back in time?
What is your favorite children's story, and why?
What movie ending really frustrated you? And how would you change it?
What three things do you think of most each day?
What is your favorite meal of the day and why?
What is your favorite thing to watch live, and why?
If you were a fashion designer, what style of clothing or accessories would you design?
What song would you say best sums you up?
Who is your best friend, and why are they your best friend?
What three things do you value in a person?
What is your favorite farmyard animal, and why?
If you could choose one celebrity to be the father/mother of your child who would it be?
What are your 3 favorite websites?
What mobile app do you use the most?
What website do you use the most?
Which fictional character do you wish was real, and why?
hats the greatest thing about being your nationality?
Do you believe in destiny, fate or free will?
If you could talk to one species of animal which would it be?
Vanilla or chocolate?
What is the bravest thing that you have ever done?
How fast can you say the alphabet? (Try it!)
What was the last thing that made you feel happy?
You are walking to work. A dog is injured on the side of the street and needs your help. Your boss told you if you are late one more time you're fired. Do you help the dog?
If you were a wrestler what would your stage name be and what would your special move be called?
Can you roll your R's? (Try it!)
Would you rather have a broken leg or a broken arm, and why?
Have you ever had anything published? If so, what?
How many remote controls do you have in your house?
What is one major weakness that you have?
What is been the best decision you've made in your life so far?
What is been the worst decision you've made in your life so far?
If you could be any famous person who would you be and why?
If you had to choose one celebrity to be stuck in a room with for a few hours, who would you choose and why? 
If you had to choose one celebrity to go on vacation with, who would you choose and why? 
If you discovered a new species of dinosaur what would you call it?
What do you consider is the most important piece of furniture in a house, and why?
What do you consider is the most important appliance in a house, and why?
What potential talents do you think you might have if you worked at them?
If you could be trained up in any profession of your choice by top professionals what profession would you choose?
Who would you want to be with on a desert island, and why?
What is one device would you want to see added to a mobile phone?
Where do you see yourself in 1 months time?
Where do you see yourself in 1 years time?
Where do you see yourself in 10 years time?
If you had to change your name to anything what would your new name be?
What would your super hero name be?
Who was your first best friend, and what is your favorite memory with them?
What was the first film you remember seeing at the cinema?
What thing that you've made are you most proud of?
Write a short poem from scratch (Note: use ; instead of Enter to separate line):
Create a super short story from scratch:
If you were to become a famous singer, what would your debut album be called?
If you had an autobiography, what you call it?
If you could join any music group which would you want to join?
If you could replace one body part with a super bionic replacement what body part and what features would the new bionic replacement have?
Have you ever done something in front of a large audience? If so, what?
What is your favorite personality trait you like about yourself?
What is one quirk that you inherited from your parents?
If you met a Genie who offered you three wishes, what would you wish for? (more wishes does not count)
What is the scariest thing you've ever done?
What fairy tale character do you most associate with?
If you ruled your own country, who would you get to writer your national anthem?
What is the craziest thing you've ever done for someone?
How did you get your name?
What is the best piece of advice anyone has ever given you?
If you had to describe yourself as a flavor, what would it be?
If you had to describe yourself as a car, what would it be?
If you had to describe yourself as an animal, what would it be?
What has been the happiest moment of your life?
If you had 1,000,000 dollars to give away, how would you do it?
If you had a time machine and you could go back and change anything, what would it be?
Would you rather have one year off at your current rate of pay or work your current job for a year at double your current rate of pay? 
Would you rather lose all of your old memories, or never be able to make new ones?
If you could see 24 hours into the future what would you do with this ability?
If you and someone else were the only people alive on earth, who would you pick the other person to be?
If you were President of the United States for a day, what would you do?
Would you rather be able to visit 100 years in the past or 100 years in the future?
If reincarnation is the way of the universe what do you think you will come back as? 
If you had only 24 hours left to live, what would you do?
If you could trade lives with another person you know for one week who would it be?
If you had one wish what would it be?
If you had ten minutes on a popular TV talk show what would you talk about?
If were given $1000 and told you that you had to spend it today, what would you buy?
Would you rather have every detail of your love life made public or have the details of you finances made public? 
Would you rather write a best-selling novel or be an expert at picking stocks, and why?
Which store would you choose to max out your credit card?
Which came first the chicken or the egg, and why?
When you meet someone your age the first time, what’s usually the first thing you notice?  What’s something they could say or do in the first minute that would make you say to yourself “I want to be friends with him/her!”
If you could design a middle school, what would it be like?
If you could design a theme park, what would it be like?
A television network is looking for ideas for a new television series.  Pitch your idea to the president of the network:
Invent a new kind of sandwich. Describe what is on it and how you would make it.
Fill in the blanks: I will never forgive ________ for ________ .
List 10 things you want to do before you die.
Describe when you have been most scared.
Do you believe in karma?  Why or why not?
If you could live your life over, what would you change?
What is your worst habit?
If you were given the power to cure one disease, which would it be?  Why?
Do you have a role model?  Who are they and why do you admire them? 
What’s something you just can’t figure out?  Explain.
What’s something you keep telling yourself you’re going to do, but keep putting off?
There are many firsts in our lives: a first pet, a first award, the first day of middle school, a first kiss, etc.. Write about a special first that you remember clearly.
If you could meet anyone, alive or dead, who would it be? What would you ask them about?
What do you do if you can’t sleep at night?
What’s something you should throw away, but can’t?  Explain.
What’s something about yourself that you hope will change, but that probably never will?
Are you a rule breaker or a rule keeper? Why?
Do you have a collection?  If so, what do you collect and why?
Make a short story about 3 objects around you:
Do you think the world will be better or worse 100 years from now? Explain.
For what in your life do you feel most grateful?
Would you add one year to your life if it meant taking one year from the life of someone in the world at random.  Would it matter if you were told whose life you had shortened?
Who can make you happy? How?
What nonexistent technology do you wish existed?
Will you raise your kids the same way your parents raised you? If not, what would you do differently?
You discover a crystal ball that can tell you the truth about ONE thing in your life– past, future, or present. What would you want to know?
If you could choose just one thing to change about the world, what would it be?
If you created a startup/company, what would it be?
If you could design your own holiday, what would it be called? What would people do to celebrate your holiday?
When was the last time you were really surprised?
If you were going to write a book, what would you call it and what would it be about?
What’s one of the strangest things you’ve ever done?
If you could offer a newborn child only one piece of advice, what would it be?
What’s something that you do differently than most people?
If happiness was the national currency, what kind of work would make you rich?
If the average human life span was 40 years, how would you live your life differently?
What one thing have you not done that you really want to do? What’s holding you back?
What is your happiest childhood memory?  What makes it so special?
If you could try out any job for a day, what would you like to try?
What’s your earliest memory?
What do you think people think of you?
If you could learn one random skill, what would you learn?
What’s the first thing you notice about people?
Would you kill an innocent person if you thought it might mean saving a dozen other people? Explain.
What’s the biggest personal change you’ve ever made?
What’s the stupidest thing you’ve ever done?
What do you think would be one of the best steps we could take toward ending poverty around the world?
What do you think we could do to best improve the education system?
What’s the biggest lie you’ve ever told?
What’s something most people don’t know about you?
What’s something you wish everyone knew about you?
What are some of the first things you do in the morning?
What are some of the last things you do before going to sleep?
What’s the worst thing that’s ever happened to you?
What’s one of your favorite questions to ask new friends or to get a conversation going?
What do you think is one of the most undervalued professions right now?
How would you explain your basic life philosophy?